---
layout: page
path_prefix: ../
title: More Details
short_title: About
categories: ventures
---


##### So, you are looking for Investment?

Our main focus being Internet and Interactive media technologies. We are willing to invest in pre-revenue companies - we may provide a company’s first working capital. We recognize that we can’t always provide enough capital to bring a company to profitability, we invest with the assumption that there will be need for another investment round after us. Our preference is for seed investment as equity (shareholding), this allows the investor and entrepreneur to share a goal - to create value for the company.

As we have more of a hands on approach, we tend to invest in companies based in Benelux or in the United Kingdom. That is not to say that we will not consider ventures outside of these areas, but our focus in mainly within these regions.

## Criteria
We only invest in what we know, or in a business model we can be made to understand. We like to be active investors, able to contribute and adding value from our experience, when need be our technical expertise.

Entrepreneurs must have an understanding of what they are talking about. We like simplicity, if it takes more than 5 minutes to get us excited about your business then we may not be the partner for you. We like a committed management team that is not afraid to make decisons and follow on with action. A sense of humour and non fragile ego’s are also a premium.

## Submit a Business Plan
We accept business plan submissions from everyone, though we place a much higher priority on deals that are referred/endorsed. We really value simplicity, please do not send us 100 page plans along with complex spreadsheets. We prefer a slimmed down overview, reference links (we do our own diligence) and any relevant information to support your plan and business model. We strongly encourage you to use our PlanCruncher to generate a one page summary of your plan.

Time is a valuable resource, and we do not want to waste your time or ours. We are able to make quick decisions if we’re going to invest or not. There may be a need for some time to negotiate, but the decision to invest will be made quickly.

Please note that due to the volume of plans it receives, and the nature of its business, Lunatech Ventures will not sign a Non-Disclosure Agreement. We take confidentiality seriously and never share any company’s confidential material without consent. If an entrepreneur cannot provide us with enough information to evaluate an opportunity without signing an NDA, we will not consider it.

You can send an executive summary of your business plan to: submissions@lunatech-ventures.com. If you want a little inspiration for constructing such a summary we suggest you try our PlanCruncher. It will help you narrow down your thoughts.

